Thrasher test cleanup (#2727)
objectcomputing/OpenDDS: tests/DCPS/Thrasher/readme.txt

> The Thrasher test is designed to test the stability and robustness of OpenDDS in scenarios that 1 to P publisher participant(s) send(s) the same number of 1 to M messages to a single subscriber participant in the same domain. Currently, P = 64, and M = 1024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Thrasher test is designed to test the stability and robustness of OpenDDS in scenarios where a variable number of publisher participants send an inversely proportional number of messages to a single subscriber participant in the same domain. The threading of the test is meant to be intentionally sub-optimal in order to simulate "thrashing" (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thrashing_(computer_science)), which is where the test gets its name.
```

Author: A trivial observation of the original code: the number of publisher participants and the number of messages are not necessarily 'inversely proportional' (single 1:1, double 2:1, triangle 3:3, default 1:1024). If we add 'inversely proportional' to the requirements here, we need to make some changes in run_test.pl. It seems unnecessary, and without changing it here, we will have greater freedom to try different parameters later proportional or not, as long as we pass the correct expected_samples.  The concurrency issue is addressed in a separate item below.

Reviewer: Well, we're in agreement that it's trivial. This is the general description of the test and not a requirement. If it really bothers you that some of the test cases don't follow this pattern, add the word "mostly" or "generally" or "usually".

Author: The wording is modified as suggested, removing all mentioning of P and M.

The aspects to be tested within a predefined time limit:

1. Each publisher has successfully been created and configured, sent the required messages to the subscriber, and cleanly exited.

2. The subscriber has successfully received exactly the same number of messages from each publisher, and the test cleanly exited.

3. The rtps discovery and durability are tested with these configurations:
3.1 all the defined publisher P and M settings (single, ..., low, medium, high, aggressive)
3.2 3.1 plus rtps
3.3 3.1 plus durable
3.4 3.1 plus rtps and durable
3.5 If configured with durable, publishers wait for match after sending messages, otherwise before.

> 4. Multiple publishers publish concurrently to simulate the real world communication dynamic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Multiple publishers publish non-optimally without sleeps or yielding, in order to simulate "thrashing"(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thrashing_(computer_science)) or at least large gaps between thread context switching.
```
